BITWISE

A probablistic bitwise sequencer
intended for live play.

UI is split into two pages: 
GATES and NOTES

ALL PAGES
* k1: exit
* e1: select page
* e2: select control
* [+ k1]: Set randomness
* [+ k1 k2]: TBD

GATES PAGE controls
* OPERATOR:
  * k2 [+ k1]: and [nand]
  * k3 [+ k1]: or [xor]
  * e3: l/r rotate both
  * [+ k1]:[oposite directions]
* GATE BYTE:
  * k3 [+ k1]: not [reflect TODO] 
  * e3: l/r rotate
  * [+ k1]: l/r shift
  * [+ k2]: +/- value
  * [+ k1 k2]: +/- upper nibble

NOTES PAGE controls
* Each BIT SEQUENCE BYTE
  * k2 [+ k1]: not [momentary] 
  * k3 [ + k1]: reflect [momentary]
  * e3: l/r rotate
  * [+ k1]: l/r shift
  * [+ k2]: +/- value
  * [+ k1 k2]: +/- upper nibble

MORE INFO:

GATES for each step are 
generated by combining two 
bytes with the chosen 
bitwise operator.

NOTES for each step are 
calculated by construcing 
a 4 bit value out of the 
current bit for each of 4 
bytes (one for each power 
of 2).

All controls can have a 
randomness amount. The
higher the randomness
the more likely that 
control will be unstable.
 Probability has two possible 
modes (set in a parameter).

"Stability" mode:
Acts like an ASR, prob
is the likelihood any bit
changes when it comes up.
Off means bits are totally
stable, middle means they 
have a 50% chance of
flipping, and 100% means
they will always flip.

"Trigger mode"
For any byte, the 
probability is the 
likelihood that a 1 bit is 
actually on when it
comes up..
 
For the operator the 
probability chooses between 
the op and its logical 
inverse, in both modes.